---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Report
---

With this week's goal in mind to finish up developing the experimental materials required to conduct the study. I received all the clips necessary to make the stimuli for the study. I used a video editing software called Kapwing to develop captions and make the conditioned videos as well. Kapwing has a really cool feature that allows for easy creations of captions which then can be converted into SRT files which is a form of caption file. Kapwing has this included slider where I can pinpoint which part of the video and add text for that certain caption line. So, first I went ahead and made all the default captions for each video and uploaded it to the correct location in our shared drive. This includes uploading the SRT file as well. Then for the first condition which includes Memoji within the captions, I took all the Memoji pictures that Ramzy has given me and I have cropped them to fit better within the videos. Then I went ahead and place the appropriate Memoji for each caption line. This was relativity easy as I was able to match each caption line to a Memeoji and it was able to "snap" to each other so I did not have to worry about timing. Once I was done with those videos I moved on to making the second conditioned videos which were including text descriptions within captions [HERE] which was relatively easy to do. This was done by editing the original SRT caption file. Once I was all done with making the conditioned videos I went ahead and uploaded it to the correct file location in the shared drive.

Once the stimuli were finished developed, I went ahead and uploaded those videos onto youtube and coded them under either Blue or Red depending on which condition they fall under. I documented this on an excel sheet along with their unlisted link as well. I updated Ramzy on my part and he went ahead and started developing the survey using SurveyMonkey. While Ramzy was working on developing those two surveys on SurveyMonkey, I went ahead and started working on developing the Update - 2 PowerPoint presentation which discussed our methods and study design. This includes the steps by step of how we want to answer our research questions and how we approach our research questions in terms of a study design. Then we also discussed how we developed our experimental materials for our study design and who we want to recruit for our study. Also, discuss how we plan to administer the study. We also included a discussion of two pilot studies that we had after Ramzy finished developing the surveys and we received feedback on our design/study such as some mistakes within the survey itself and some editing to the follow-up questions. As for next week, we want to consider revising our surveys to fit our scope of answering our research questions by making the survey more targeted on the person we are asking to evaluate their emotion/paralinguistic information and conduct another pilot study or two to finalize our study and prepare to start recruiting!

We as well have met with Dr. Raja and AKther at the end of the week to discuss our study design so far and Akhter study too, we got a new member of our team, Mariana Arroyo, who will help assist Akther's study and we have done a study with her under Akther's study as well!
