---
layout: post
title: Week 8 Report
---

This week's main focus was to gather participants for our study. Ramzy and I discussed how we plan on balancing responsibility for conducting studies. I was willing to conduct all of the studies as a lot of the participants we gathered are ASL users and Ramzy is not proficient in ASL enough to feel confident to be a part of the study. But regardless I enjoy doing the studies. I send out our recruitment flyer on various social media platforms and informed my friends as well. When I get participants who are interested they would email me and I would send them a "when2meet" poll to figure out what time they are available to conduct the study and I also send out the demographic form to get to know them more and to make sure that they meet the basic requirements to be a part of the study. This process repeats for every time I get a new participants who is interested. 

Once the time is set and figured out I send them a Zoom inviation to that time and 15 minuites prior to the meeting I would send them a consent form in a seperate email. Once the partipant joins the Zoom call I would review the consent form to make sure they understanc completly then proceed to record and conduct the study! All the partipants' information and recording are under a code name such as "ID_XX" to protect their identity. In between when there are no studies being conducted I procceed to upload partipants' files such as the consent form agreement, feeding their demographic infomration in a spreadsheet, and upload the recording. With the recording, I went ahead and transcribe their follow-up questions responses on a google document for the purpose of thematic analysis to see any reoccurring themes. On the other hand, Ramzy is willing to take over the data analysis part by looking at the survey response and what information we can find from looking at the data. At the end of this week, we finished 8 studies. It was not what we hope for as we want at least 10 studies per week with the goal of finishing 20 studies by the end of next week. AS we feel that 20 studies will be a good number to get data that has meaning. 

For next week. We continue doing the same thing by sending out our recruitment flyer and gather data for analysis and start prepping our presentation for next week!
